welcome to your local Bristol Street
masters dealership we retail the full
range of new Volvo vehicles have a
comprehensive stock of quality used
vehicles on our forecourt along with
over 7,000 vehicles in group stock as an
approved volvo retailer we believe in
delivering an outstanding customer
motoring experience at Bristol Street
motors we maintain a comfortable no
pressure sales environment for all our
customers as we are dedicated to finding
the right car for you at the right price
we ensure our friendly team regularly
under goal for a manufacturer training
so when you come to our showroom our
team will be happy to share their
expansive knowledge of the Volvo product
range and answer any questions you may
have about the vehicle you are looking
to purchase I'm Steve Thompson and it's
my wife
sue Thompson and we both new customers
for Volvo as of today every question
with us there's been a third straight
away yeah no sort of tempers are kind of
thing yeah said I don't know we do we do
appreciate it there's so many things to
show you on a new car
our sales just day after day he's come
in today it's around our car ever and I
think another one but he was very
thorough in considering his day off he
wasn't trying to brushes along so we can
get our phone amongst our professional
team of sales executives we also have
experts on hand to advise you on part
exchanges car finance options and
multiple attea inquiries as well as
helping you buy a car from Bristol
Street motors we can also help you look
after it on site we have a reputable
after sales department to provide any
technical assistance you require such as
book in your car or light commercial
vehicle in for a service Emel tea or
general repairs the team can also tailor
personal service plans to help you
manage the cost Bristol Street motors
are committed to providing an affordable
service to our customers we invest in
the most advanced manufacturer approved
service equipment for our technicians to
work with and supply genuine money
fracture parts on accessories for your
car our technicians are qualified to
work on all makes of car and are trained
in using the latest vehicle diagnostic
technology ensuring problems are
diagnosed efficiently making service and
repairs cheaper for our customers the
change in the cars in the last few years
has been incredible diagnostic process
is much much deeper than it used to be
you can individually pick out a single
unit on the car and physically speak to
it the big advantage of bringing a car
to a main dealer is not only you've got
trained staff but you've also got
dedicated equipment to it we believe in
delivering an outstanding customer
motoring experience through honesty and
trust so whether you're looking for a
new or used vehicle come and visit your
local Bristol Street martyr's today
you